[ Successes ]
- Added settings back 
- Added `SelectionManager` to manage inline config editing 
- Added all settings back 
- 


[ Changed ]
- Changed `MenuManager` to support being recalled 
- Made `run()` in `Actionable` throw `IOException` 
- Made 4 into `itemIndent` and 2 `cursorIndent` 
- Integrated the two menu managers together
- Reverted Generic `EditableItemi<?>` and `Config` 
    (Integer or Double) to only use Double to 
    simplify development
- 


[ Difficulties ]
- I'm not sure how to make the value display. I cannot make 
    `MenuManager` do that... It's not supposed to know the 
    specific implementation of the item menus 
- Proper composition is rlly hard. Wtf. I am getting burnt 
    out by it so I'll stop for today. I decided to make a 
    compromise and made an entire new class to manage 
    editable config settings. I am not sure if it's 
    necessary though. I can prob just do a helper method 
    now that I think about it rather than an entire class 
- This was super difficult to do, like damn. I managed to 
    do a sort of MVP for the Main Menu. I will be adding 
    extra features soon after like having a title again 
    and other stuff that I can't think abt rn 
- 


[ To-Do ]
- (x) Re-add centerText 
- (/) Combine `SelectionManager` and `MenuManager` into 
    one -- specifically, make `SelectionManager` a helper
    method rather than an entire class
- (x) Refactor the settings menu code
    - (/) Make it super abstract. Only calling a method to 
        add a new menu item 
    - 
- (REDUNDANT) Do a visual indicator like an underscore for 
    the settings menu to indicate that it's changeable
- (/) Do a visual indicator to indicate you are changing a 
    setting, like highlighting the word
- (/) Implement the backend of the settings menu 
- 

