[ Successes ]
- Added proper logging for errors via error.log in App.java 
    (Was alr implemented yesterday, but I forgot to log it, 
    so...) 
- Implemented a barebones settings menu that is similar to 
    the main menu in terms of navigation
- Added editable settings menu - P.S., it doesn't save it 
    yet lol. It's a visual implementation... for now :3 
- 


[ Changed ]
- Removed Test and Test2 files. Not necessary anymore, as 
    they were used for testing json configs via fasterxml 
- Changed package-private to public for Config getters 
- Made config validation stricter and more robust 
- Changed gridRow and gridCol in config to Height and Width 
- 


[ Difficulties ]
- I'm not entirely sure how to like do the changing of 
    the settings for the settings menu. I guess via some 
    sort of method calls, I am not sure yet 
- Super difficult to get the settings menu configurable, 
    like damn. I figured out how to do it, though! But 
    it's primitive and only front-end for now. I'll 
    implement the backend of it later. I'm just happy I 
    got it working
- The code for the settings is sort of crappy right now. It 
    screams "Prototype", I will have to refactor it next :p 
    even though I literally just implemented it, lol 
- 


[ To-Do ]
- (/) Implement settings menu with like editable configs
    and scrollable with arrow keys (like the main menu)
- (x) Refactor the settings menu code
- (x) Do a visual indicator like an underscore for the 
    settings menu to indicate that it's changeable
- (x) Do a visual indicator to indicate you are changing a 
    setting, like highlighting the word
- (x) Implement the backend of the settings menu 
- 
